[
  "The fear of failure is a common motivation killer. People don't try something new because they fear they will fail at it.",
  "Count your blessings.",
  "Some days are harder than others but the rain always stops to welcome the sunshine.",
  "We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.",
  "It's not what you look at that matters it's what you see.",
  "Your focus determines your reality.",
  "Everything you need will come to you at the right time.",
  "You are valued.",
  "Your passion and your consistency are what lead to your success.",
  "Make an effort not an excuse.",
  "It isn't the mountains that wear you out; it's the pebble in your shoe.",
  "Your speed doesn't matter. Forward is forward.",
  "Whatever you do do it with all your heart.",
  "Don't let idiots ruin your day.",
  "No matter how hard it gets stick your chest out keep your head up and handle it.",
  "The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future.",
  "When you feel like quitting. Ask yourself why you started.",
  "Be stronger than your excuse.",
  "I'm thankful for all those difficult people in my life they have shown me exactly who I don't want to be.",
  "Whenever you feel weak remember the things that made you strong; whenever you start to doubt yourself remember those who believe in you.",
  "Don't spend time beating on a wall hoping to transform it into a door.",
  "Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do.",
  "Go do something great.",
  "If not today then when? If not you then who?Do what is right not what is easy.",
  "Get started as if you are motivated. Pretend. And the motivation will come.",
  "We can't help everyone but everyone can help someone.",
  "Look at yourself in a mirror and tell yourself how proud you are to have come this far.",
  "The secret of getting ahead is getting started.",
  "Everything you want is waiting for you on the other side of the hard things you must do.",
  "The best way out is always through.",
  "Let your faith be bigger than your fear.",
  "Treat your future self like you would treat someone that you love dearly.",
  "Never do tomorrow what you can do today. Procrastination is the thief of time.",
  "You will never have this day again so make it count!Follow your soul. It knows the way.",
  "What brings us to tears will lead us to grace. Our pain is never wasted.",
  "Whoever is trying to bring you down is already below you.",
  "It's okay to be wrong to be tired or to be scared. Keep fighting for your goals.",
  "Whoever you are whatever your background wherever you come from: you have everything in you that you need to triumph! You might not get where you want all at once. But you'll get just where you need to be a little bit at a time.",
  "You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.",
  "Expect nothing and appreciate everything.",
  "It is a paradoxical but profoundly true and important principle of life that the most likely way to reach a goal is to be aiming not at that goal itself but at some more ambitious goal beyond it.",
  "Don't give up because of one bad chapter in your life. Keep going your story doesn't end here.",
  "Let go of what you can't control. If you can't change it it's time to accept it and find a way to live with it instead of being frustrated or upset.",
  "Everything is hard before it is easy.",
  "A powerful attitude awakens inner strength energy motivation and initiative.",
  "Never negotiate your value with anyone. You are worth it. You have always been and always will be worth it.",
  "Do it with your whole heart.",
  "You didn't come this far only to come this far.",
  "Success finds those who seek it.",
  "Every butterfly was once a caterpillar. Your wings are there even if you can't see them.",
  "Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.",
  "When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder.",
  "Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.",
  "Motivation is when your dreams put on work clothes.",
  "Be patient. Good things will come.",
  "If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship don't ask what seat! Just get on.",
  "The rainbow always comes after the rain.",
  "Our struggles are created by focusing on our limitations. Our hopes are created by focusing on our possibilities.",
  "To accomplish great things we must not only act but also dream; not only plan but also believe.",
  "The moment you get tired of pushing yourself is the very moment you should push yourself harder.",
  "You achieve what you believe.",
  "Start saying yes to the things that scare you the most and see how your life changes.",
  "Lay low and grind.",
  "This is your reminder that you got this.",
  "It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.",
  "A good day starts with a good mindset.",
  "Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.",
  "Be valuable not available.",
  "Keep it up this week. Keep showing up. Keep caring. Keep loving. Keep being brave.",
  "Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard then succeed on purpose.",
  "Knowing trees I understand the meaning of patience. Knowing grass I can appreciate persistence.",
  "Don't ever let somebody tell you you can't do something. Not even me. You got a dream you got to protect it. People can't do something themselves they want to tell you you can't do it. You want something go get it. Period.",
  "Push yourself to the limit. When you reach it push farther. Find a new limit.",
  "The only secret to success is preparation discipline and hard work.",
  "Desire is the key to motivation but it's determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal — a commitment to excellence — that will enable you to attain the success you seek.",
  "The more we do the more we can do.",
  "You are loved.",
  "Problems are not stop signs; they are guidelines.",
  "Success is not achieved by winning all the time. Real success comes when we rise after we fall.",
  "Invest in your dreams. Grind now. Shine later.",
  "Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.",
  "You can choose to believe you are the best of what you think you are instead of believing you're the worst of what they say you are.",
  "Don't quit. You're already in pain. You're already hurt. Get a reward from it.",
  'When life turns into a roller coaster throw your hands up and say "Wheee!" Let yourself enjoy the ride while it lasts.',
  "Success is not luck. It is practicality and a result of preparation passion persistent and perseverance.",
  "Starve your distractions. Feed your focus.",
  "You get to define success. Define it and reach for it according to your own values.",
  "There are only two options: Make progress or make excuses.",
  "One day you'll be at the place you always wanted to be.",
  "It's okay if things fall apart. It's what happens next that defines you. Will you sit and stress or will you roll up your sleeves and put them back together?Don't let life take your smile away.",
  "You are stronger than the little voice in your head telling you to quit. Don't stop when you are so close to accomplishing your goals! Positive exposure. Watching inspirational and motivational movies or documentaries can help you see the positive things in life and make you feel more grateful for what you have.",
  "You can accomplish anything. The only limits are the ones you create in your head.",
  "You are surviving now but you'll be thriving later. Hang in there.",
  "Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you chances are it will burn very briefly.",
  "If not now when?",
  "Happiness is the only thing that multiplies when you share it.",
  "Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come.",
  "It's always a good time to embrace the magic that exists within you.",
  "A positive attitude can really make dreams come true – it did for me.",
  "Your attitude has a giant effect not just on your life but on other peoples lives around you.",
  "Pause. Take a deep breath. You've got this.",
  "Grab the steering wheel of your life. Steer away from your stress by driving in the direction of what you want for your life.",
  "A smile cures the wounding of a frown.",
  "Yet to a large extent by our thoughts and attitudes we distill out of the ingredients of life either happiness or unhappiness for ourselves. Anyone who desires it who wills it and who learns and applies the right formula may become a happy person.",
  "Choosing to associate with positive optimistic people will accelerate our positive growth.",
  "Put aside worry and doubt and just enjoy where you are now.",
  "Go out and meet new people you never know what good will come your way.",
  "If we believe that tomorrow will be better we can bear a hardship today.",
  "Happiness hides in life's small details. If you're not looking it becomes invisible.",
  "You are not defective. You are not weird. You are not a lost cause. You are resilient.",
  "Never allow your mind to wander untamed like a wild animal that exists on the basis of survival of the fittest. Tame your mind with consistent focus on your goals and desires.",
  "If you think your ideas are too ridiculous ask yourself why ridiculous has to be a bad thing.",
  "Hope can get you through anything.",
  "Can you see how amazing you are?Be good to yourself. And let others be good to you too.",
  "Every day experience and connection you've had up to now has made you who you are - and that is the perfect version of you for this moment.",
  "Your mind is your greatest weapon against anxiety. Use it to choose positive thoughts.",
  "The simplest way to be happy is to do good.",
  "Buckle up! We're chasing dreams today and this train won't stop till we get there.",
  "It's not the load that breaks you down it's the way you carry it.",
  "Problems are opportunities to find solutions.",
  "What are you grateful for today?I think a lot of times we don't pay enough attention to people with a positive attitude because we assume they are naive or stupid or unschooled.",
  "I learned that courage was not the absence of fear but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid but he who conquers that fear.",
  "Trust yourself enough to see past the negativity and look to the future and things to come.",
  "You can't control the world but when you control your thoughts you bring order.",
  "Life is filled with reasons for you to smile more.",
  "Be happy. Be bright. Be you.",
  "The journey is what brings us happiness not the destination.",
  "The positivity in our life is a function of our thinking. So think positive stay positive!Live as if your prayers are to be answered.",
  "It's easier to sleep when you don't believe in all the negative thoughts you think.",
  "When was the last time you sat quietly with yourself? Focus on thinking instead of overthinking: be thoughtful and then take action. You can always make adjustments as you go.",
  "If flowers can grow through concrete you can keep blooming too.",
  "Keep looking up... That's the secret of life.",
  "Don't ruin a new day by thinking about yesterday. Let it go.",
  "Believe in yourself even when no one else does.",
  "Stay positive all other choices are pointless punishments to your psyche.",
  "Stay true to you and you will end up incredibly happy.",
  "Always remember: good things take time.",
  "Continue to push yourself the finish line is right there.",
  "I'm loud but I'm positive. You don't get anywhere by beating people down with negativity.",
  'No matter what the situation remind yourself "I have a choice".',
  "A positive or winning mindset can often mean the difference between success or failure in any endeavour.",
  "Life is not just happening to you it's reacting to you. What are you putting out there? Take the time today to be good to you in thoughts deeds and actions - but especially in your thoughts.",
  "Victory is in having done your best. If you've done your best you've won.",
  "A good day brings happiness. A bad day teaches you something.",
  "Remember: Every champion was once a contender that refused to give up.",
  "Let go of the past so your future can be brighter.",
  "Life challenges are opportunities for growth.",
  "This coming year I will find the magic and miracles in my everyday life.",
  "You are what you believe. You achieve what you believe.",
  "In order to inspire others you must first inspire yourself.",
  "Learn from yesterday live for today hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.",
  "You are doing great.",
  "The rain will pass the clouds will pull back the floods will recede so will the bad days.",
  "Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.",
  "I think working hard at anything when you're young and getting positive results it's always an incredible feeling to see that.",
  "The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down.",
  "Anything negative that happens to you in life can be turned into a positive as far as acting is concerned. You can draw on your experiences – it's far better than any research.",
  "Keep your dreams alive. Remember all things are possible for those who believe.",
  "An arrow is pulled back right before it shoots forward. You're getting ready to soar.",
  "For a tree to become tall it must grow tough roots among the rocks.",
  "Going in one more round when you don't think you can that's what makes all the difference in your life.",
  "With a strong mind even the impossible becomes possible.",
  "One of the secrets of life is to make stepping stones out of stumbling blocks.",
  "Life has a way of testing you to see if you are ready for the next level.",
  "The sun is always there giving us life even when it is covered by clouds.",
  "When I started counting my blessings my whole life turned around.",
  "Positive people have negative thoughts they just don't let those thoughts grow and destroy them.",
  "Write down the life you want to see and you'll begin to live it.",
  "Acknowledge every one of your victories no matter how small.",
  "This year I resolve to be present and enjoy the little moments as much as the big ones.",
  "Let it be.",
  "I'm a greater believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.",
  "Many times in life we'll look far into our future with uncertainty. None of us can predict the future so enjoying life one day at a time will remain much easier and fulfilling.",
  "At the end of each day the sun sets and prepares for another opportunity to shine.",
  "Be strong believe in who you are; be strong believe in what you feel.",
  "Focus on building and growing.",
  "When you feel terrible your life still goes on just do what you need to do and you'll be proud of yourself for pushing through a bad day.",
  "You are strong. You are beautiful. You are enough.",
  "You are the only one who can decide what better looks like for you.",
  'Conviction is much more powerful than "positive thinking".',
  "A good laugh is sunshine in the house.",
  "The more you are positive and say 'I want to have a good life' the more you build that reality for yourself by creating the life that you want.",
  "Close your eyes and imagine how your success looks like. Enjoyed it? Now put your head down and work.",
  "Keep your dreams alive.",
  "Hope is definitely not the same thing as optimism. It is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense regardless of how it turns out.",
  "Focus on your strengths not your weaknesses. Focus on your character not your reputation. Focus on your blessings not your misfortunes.",
  "Don't be afraid to change. You may lose something good but you may gain something even better.",
  "Don't get bogged down by life and other people's problems or hang ups.",
  "It is never too late to learn how to love yourself.",
  "Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.",
  "You can do it.",
  "You don't have to think about whether or not you can do it - decide you can! When you try you lessen the level of failure.",
  "Go on and be great. Give them something to talk about.",
  "You didn't come this far to give up now. Even baby steps will move you forward. I know how strong you are!You can accomplish anything you set your mind to no matter how big or scary your goal may seem. You've got this!Everything will be okay.",
  "Only by trying you can achieve.",
  "Turn your wounds into wisdom.",
  "Keep going. No matter what.",
  "It's okay to not be okay as long as you are not giving up.",
  "You are the reason for someone's smile.",
  "Small steps every day add up to big changes. Stay on track.",
  "For what are we born if not to aid one another?",
  "You are on your way to being great!Even your worst days only have twenty-four hours. The sun will set and a new day will begin.",
  "You are needed you deserve the best you are here for a reason.",
  "You are staying calm even when things are difficult. This is your superpower.",
  "You can be scared. You can be nervous. You can be uncertain. Show up anyways - that's how you will succeed. You can do it!Be the master of your destiny.80% of success is showing up.",
  "Grow through what you go through.",
  "You can make it through any storm.",
  "Pursue your dreams with all your passion.",
  "Be kind. Even on your bad days.",
  "Find your happy place and live there.",
  "If you keep going long enough you will eventually win.",
  "Remember to breathe.",
  "Never regret trying hard.",
  "Stop doubting yourself. Work hard and make it happen.",
  "The best motivation always comes from within.",
  "Your courage and willpower are so impressive. You never quit and that's why you'll always come out ahead.",
  "You are unique.",
  "Hope is not found in the mind. It comes from the heart and is fueled by the soul.",
  "Your happiness is the blueprint to your soul.",
  "You are not your bad days.",
  "Hold on the pain ends.",
  "There is no one more important that yourself.",
  "Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration I don't think you can go wrong.",
  "If you dream it you can do it.",
  "Perfection of character is this: to live each day as if it were your last without frenzy without apathy without pretence.",
  "You are the one writing this book. If you don't like the ending write a new one.",
  "The Universe is already working for you.",
  "Don't dream your life live your dream.",
  "Make today your day.",
  "There's no time for breaks.",
  "Our success lies in our ability to remind ourselves of our goals strengths and purpose.",
  "You are so much stronger than you give yourself credit for.",
  "Embrace your uniqueness.",
  "In case no one told you today you are stronger than you think and you are doing great.",
  "Never let someone make you feel less than who you are.",
  "You were made to shine!You are loved. You are capable. You are not weak.",
  "Be careful how you are talking to yourself because you are listening.",
  "Life creates problems to see if you will fight through or quit.",
  "Don't forget to take notice of how far you have come!You are the best.",
  "You must remain focused on the life you have. Never let outside influences deter you from your purpose.",
  "Don't be so hard on yourself. Dealing with life everyday stuff and emotions can be tough. You're a brave soul on a mission. You got this.",
  "You can allow yourself a rest today. Tomorrow is a new opportunity to move forward.",
  "It is my own firm belief that the strength of the soul grows in proportion as you subdue the flesh.",
  "Smile at that beautiful reflection in the mirror.",
  "You can change your course whenever you need to.",
  "Inspiration comes from within yourself. One has to be positive. When you're positive good things happen.",
  "Visualize yourself succeeding.",
  "Don't be afraid. Be focused. Be determined. Be hopeful. Be empowered.",
  "Never give in and never give up.",
  "Pave your own path to success. No one else can do it for you.",
  "Give yourself credit for making it this far.",
  "Our decisions lead to our actions and our actions lead to our destiny.",
  "You are the only person you need to be good enough for.",
  "Be strong. Don't be fearful.",
  "I can and I will.",
  "This task is yours and yours alone.",
  "Let things flow.",
  "How long should you try? Until.",
  "You are never too old to achieve a dream or meet a goal. Don't give in I have so much faith in you!Remember how far you've come.",
  "Take time to smile.",
  "Free yourself from judgment and comparison.",
  "Be true to who you are.",
  "You've been pushing yourself so hard and now your best days are on their way. Get excited!Nothing is stopping you from living your dream life besides that little voice in your head. Smash it and live.",
  "Trust the process and it will take you to places you never knew you would go to.",
  "Start unknown. Finish unforgettable.",
  "Don't stress. You got this!You deserve all the riches life has to offer.",
  "Yesterday you said tomorrow. Just do it.",
  "You are important.",
  "Remember why.",
  "But life isn't hard to manage when you've nothing to lose.",
  "Don't be afraid to start over. This time you're not starting from scratch. You're starting from experience.",
  "Life is like a sporting event and your mind can be your biggest cheerleader.",
  "Live without doubts. Love without limits.",
  "You are pushing yourself even when you're tired and want to quit. I see the warrior in you!Stop overthinking. You can do it.",
  "Follow your soul.",
  "You matter. Remember that.",
  "Follow your dreams—they know the way.",
  "Remember yesterday. Plan for tomorrow. But enjoy today.",
  "",
  "A beautiful life is about to unfold for you. Don't let your thoughts tell you otherwise.",
  "A beautiful life is about to unfold for you. Don't let your thoughts tell you otherwise.",
  "Life does not consist mainly or even largely of facts or happenings. It consist mainly of the storm of thoughts that is forever flowing through one's head.",
  "The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it. Be aware of the thoughts you are thinking.",
  "Stop worrying about what can go wrong and get excited about what can go right.",
  "People become attached to their burdens sometimes more than the burdens are attached to them.",
  "The things you constantly think about eventually become a part of your reality.",
  "Worry is interest paid on trouble before it is due.",
  "Your addiction to thinking will come back to haunt you.",
  "We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.",
  "When I look back on all these worries I remember the story of the old man who said on his deathbed that he had had a lot of trouble in his life most of which had never happened.",
  "Don't let yourself get comfortable in your misery.",
  "Overthinking makes you feel like you are stuck.",
  "Refocus your thoughts.",
  "You will conquer any obstacle that comes your way.",
  "Overthinking is a prison and you're the only one with the keys to the cell.",
  "Confidence is associated with clarity while a busy mind is associated with a lack of faith in one's boundless potential.",
  "Everything in your life works out for your greater good.",
  "Be honest with yourself. You'll overcome anything.",
  "At times the fearless suffer. Those who live with fear suffer always.",
  "Every day is a fresh chance for things to go your way.",
  "Only one thing can keep you down… Yourself.",
  "Sometimes when you unclench your hand and let go you'll realize that you were actually holding on to nothing.",
  "Overthinking can lead to under-doing. Inhale and take that first step with confidence.",
  "Know it's not easy… but do it anyway.",
  "Perhaps the bravest thing you can do is to walk away from the people and situations that are hurting your heart.",
  "Worrying consumes your energy and it does not produce anything but more worrying. Instead focus your energy on creating value for yourself and others.",
  "If you want to fly you have to let go of everything that's holding you down.",
  "Crazy faith is thoughts and actions that lack reason but trusting fully in what you cannot explicitly prove.",
  "Holding on to something that no longer serves you is like swimming against the oceans current. The more you swim towards it the more it pushes you away. Choose yourself first.",
  "Every night let go of the day's negatives. It's done and over time for a fresh start tomorrow.",
  "Don't overanalyze what you see. I have a feeling that you're over-thinking things. Give it some time and the pieces of this puzzle might come together.",
  "Nothing positive can come from worrying or overthinking. Instead focus on what you want to achieve and take that first step.",
  "To think too much is a disease.",
  "So many of our thoughts are like useless baggage that we lug around with us. You have the power to leave that baggage behind and free yourself to create a meaningful life.",
  "The more challenging the situation the more valuable your calmness.",
  "Difficult situations come and go but your ability to solve them is always there.",
  "Your imagination is lying to you.",
  "Overthinking will have you breaking your own heart.",
  "You deserve to be relaxed and worry-free.",
  "Water becomes murky when sediment is stirred up. Overthinking is like the sediment of the mind.",
  "Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it's worth it in the end because once you get there you can move mountains.",
  "Nothing in the world can bother you as much as your own mind I tell you. In fact others seem to be bothering you but it is not other it is your own mind.",
  "If something is wrong fix it if you can. But train yourself not to worry. Worry never fixes anything.",
  "Living the life of your dreams is a journey. The bumps in the road make reaching the destination even sweeter.",
  "A crowded mind leaves no space for a peaceful heart.",
  "If it's holding you back does it really know you? Overthinking also best known as creating problems that are never there-David Sikhosana",
  "One of the most difficult things to achieve in life is to still and silence the mind.",
  "One of the best ways to stop overthinking and gain clarity is to ask yourself why you want what you desire. Keep asking until you get to the heart of your desires.",
  "Overthinking is the biggest cause of unhappiness.",
  "You have the most beautiful mind; let it think beautiful thoughts.",
  "A quiet mind is like a reflection pool. From such a mind wisdom and intuition are clearly perceived. When we think too much all that we see is our own fear.",
  "You'll stop overthinking when you release your connection to the outcome and focus on the present.",
  "You can shift your attention to what relaxes you and return to the choices you need to make with a calm mind.",
  "Someone who overthinks is also someone who over-loves.",
  "You can't focus on the positive if you keep thinking about the negatives.",
  "Just take the first step the rest will come after.",
  "Be mindful of your thoughts. They will become your reality.",
  "There will always be difficult people and situations. For your own sake choose to be at peace with them.",
  "The mind is a bottomless pit. To endlessly search your mind for answers will only lead to frustration.",
  "For many the harshest prisons are their own minds. However we are also the only ones that hold the keys.",
  "Overthinking is like a mental treadmill. No matter how much time we spend doing it we will find ourselves in the same place that we started. Advance by knowing what you want and taking action.",
  "Nothing in life has any meaning to it other than the meaning that we give it.",
  "What if you were clear about the answer you were looking for and allowed yourself to shut off once you got to it?Don't worry about people who aren't happy for you. They probably are not happy for themselves either.",
  "It's okay to have anxious thoughts. Recognize them accept them but don't give into them.",
  "When we place barriers in our mind we stop seeing the opportunities in our world.",
  "Let your heart and spirit set your course. Let your thoughts plan your way.",
  "Overthinking will not empower you over things that are beyond your control. So let it be if it is meant to be and cherish the moment.",
  "Ask yourself who is the boss of your mind you or the unimportant thoughts that you are unable to shake off.",
  "On the days your confidence needs a boost look at the amazingly Divine being in the mirror. You did this you're doing this.",
  "A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks he becomes.",
  "The present moment was created by all the moments that came before. The future is created by the decisions that we make today.",
  "Replace worrying thoughts with confident ones and see how your life changes.",
  "Worrying and overthinking is like a spider's web and we get entangled in it. It is better to calm your mind and let the answers come to you instead of spinning webs.",
  "Promise yourself you'll stop overthinking. Just for today let things flow.",
  "It's ok to decide against to lose interest and to tweak plans. The important part is that you are making a decision.",
  "Overthinking is like a volcano that is building pressure before it erupts. Instead of replaying the same thoughts over and over share your thoughts with someone you trust.",
  "You can't possibly understand if you're thinking about it.",
  "You only have control over three things in your life the thoughts you think the images you visualize and the actions you take.",
  "You don't have to pursue every thought doubt and worry.",
  "Overthinking uses energy and leads to activity with no action. That is one particular problem many will face. Questology is the answer to cure this cancer.",
  "Choose your thoughts carefully and then consult your feelings and your heart.",
  "Change your thoughts and you can change your world.",
  "You don't have to see the whole staircase just take the first step.",
  "The same door that you came in can take you back out.",
  "Let go of your burdens. It's time to step into the positive future ahead of you.",
  "Put aside your negative thoughts. There are so many happy ones to focus on instead.",
  "It is ok and sometimes necessary to clear your mind.",
  "It is arrogance to believe that we can outthink nature's wisdom. It is better to limit one's thinking and trust one's intuition.",
  "What goes around comes around. Keep your circle positive. Say good words. Think good thoughts. Do good deeds.",
  "Do the things external which fall upon thee distract thee? Give thyself time to learn something new and good and cease to be whirled around.",
  "Overthinking is like standing on a freeway and yelling to be heard. The constant noise of our thought is what drowns out our natural wisdom.Take time for silence.",
  "Overthinking makes you dwell in the past and immerse yourself in worries and fears instead of living in the present and acting in the present.",
  "You want to speed things up. You want it to happen now. But the Universe has its divine timing and you'll be so thankful you were patient.",
  "Their problems are not your problems.",
  "The more you rationalize the more you move farther away from your authentic self.",
  "Thinking too much is a cheap substitute for having clear intentions and taking action.",
  "At some point you'll have to stop thinking about it and follow your heart.",
  "Do you think whoever hurt you is holding on this much? ",
  "You're making a big change. Be gentle with yourself.",
  "When starting over seems scary focus on the outcome you're working towards.",
  "If you want to find the right person be the right person.",
  "Don't wait for opportunity.",
  "The only way to change your future is by doing something different today.",
  "Today is the first day of a new life.",
  "If you want to see where you are going you need to stop looking back at the past.",
  "The best way to gain self-confidence is to do what you are afraid to do.",
  "Your journey won't be any shorter tomorrow. Take the first step today.",
  "Never be afraid to start over again new beginnings sometimes bring the best changes to your life.",
  "When you change the way you look at things the things you look at change.",
  "If you are not improving and moving forward you are stagnating or worse moving backwards.",
  "It isn't always a change of scenery needed to make life better. Sometimes it simply requires opening your eyes.",
  "If you say you can or you can't you are right either way.",
  "Change is slow and gradual. It requires hard work a bit of luck a fair amount of self-sacrifice and a lot of patience.",
  "Don't talk just act. Don't say just show. Don't promise just prove.",
  "Let go of the good to receive the great.",
  "If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it change the way you think about it.",
  "The only way to start over is to be okay with saying good-bye to the past.",
  "Sometimes the smallest step in the right direction can be the biggest step of your life.",
  "This is where it all begins. Everything starts here today.",
  "Sometimes the answers aren't in the world around you but inside of you.",
  "The key to change is to let go of fear.",
  "Sometimes you need to burn bridges in order to stop yourself from crossing them again.",
  "Don't be afraid to start over.",
  "Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change.",
  "Those who can't change their minds can't change anything.",
  "Change is scary. Being unhappy is scarier.",
  "If you realize that all things change there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying there is nothing you cannot achieve.",
  "Forget past mistakes. Forget failures. Forget about everything except what you're going to do now – and do it.",
  "The first step in the opposite direction is the hardest. Keep going anyways.",
  "Your life does not get better by chance it gets better by change.",
  "Everyone who achieves anything gets some help along the way but only you can make the things that change your life happen.",
  "Never allow waiting to become a habit. Live your dreams and take risks. Life is happening now.",
  "You are allowed to be different than who you once were.",
  "Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.",
  "The only thing certain in life is change. Learn to embrace it.",
  "Although no one can go back and make a brand new start anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.",
  "You can always start again.",
  "Be the change that you wish to see in the world.",
  "You won't see any significant change in your life if you remain in your comfort zone.",
  "Change the old thinking of asking 'why me?' to thinking 'only good things will come from this situation in the end'.",
  "At some point you have to stop thinking and start doing.",
  "I'll never understand why everybody puts so much emphasis on January first. There are three hundred and sixty-four other days in the year that you can make a change.",
  "Anything can be overcome you just have to figure out how.",
  "If you change the way you look at things the things you look at change.",
  "To be the best version of yourself you must shed the older version that never wants you to change.",
  "You don't have to get it right the first time. You can start over as often as you need to. I know you'll succeed in the end.",
  "It's never too late to become the person you dream of being.",
  "Break down your goal into smaller steps to make sure you're constantly making progress.",
  "You can pause whenever you need to. Whenever you're ready you can start moving forward once more. I know you'll persist.",
  "If the path you walk down isn't bringing you joy then turn around. Find one that will.",
  "Nobody can go back and start a new beginning but anyone can start today and make a new ending.",
  "The quickest way to growth is stepping out of your comfort zone.",
  "Life goes on whether you choose to move on and take a chance in the unknown. Or stay behind locked in the past thinking of what could've been.",
  "Life will only change when you become more committed to your dreams than you are to your comfort zone.",
  "Every success story is a tale of constant adaption revision and change.",
  "There will never be a perfect time to start so start now.",
  "Starting over is an acceptance of a past we can't change an unrelenting conviction that the future can be different and the stubborn wisdom to use the past to make the future what the past was not.",
  "The biggest barrier to your success is your inability to move.",
  "Every journey starts by taking the first step forward.",
  "There are times when we must let go to find ourselves again.",
  "Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow.",
  "Change can be good but it's always tough to let go of the past.",
  "You have all the power you need to change your story.",
  "They always say time changes things but you actually have to change them yourself.",
  "You are ready for a new phase in your life.",
  "Change equals self-improvement. Push yourself to places you haven't been before.",
  "Believe. Pretend. Imagine. Create. Your life your way.",
  "Leave your regrets behind and look to the future.",
  "Control your life like you control your belongings if you don't like where it's at move it or improve it.",
  "Life is about change sometimes it's painful sometimes it's beautiful but most of the time it's both.",
  "Change how you see yourself change how you see the world.",
  "You can't change what's going on around you until you start changing what's going on within you.",
  "If the same mistakes keep repeating themselves then you have to re-evaluate the role you played and change it.",
  "If it doesn't challenge you it doesn't change you.",
  "If you change your attitude you can change your life.",
  "Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.",
  "Oh yes the past can hurt. But you can either run from it or learn from it.",
  "Nothing changes if nothing changes.",
  "Accountability is the only real beginning to change.",
  "Yesterday I was clever so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise so I am changing myself.",
  "You may delay but time will not.",
  "New events. New actions. New strengths. New successes.",
  "It turned out that sometimes it's enough to start doing things differently now.",
  "Disappointments will always happen you have to talk yourself into knowing it will all work out for you if you don't give up.",
  "Fear of change is a human instinct. Embracing change is a superhuman ability.",
  "You will reach your goals by acting towards them starting today.",
  "Instead of hanging on to what happened in the past hold on to the lessons learned.",
  "Resolve to let go of bad habits and you'll make space for your new healthy habits.",
  "Whatever you want to do do it now. There are only so many tomorrows.",
  "New beginnings and new opportunities are on the way. You just have to keep seeing and believing beyond your current circumstances.",
  "You can always steer your fate to a new beginning.",
  "You can always make the choice to let go and start over - you are the one who has to make that decision.",
  "Color in the vision of your best life with daily action towards it.",
  "If you can't sleep then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. It's the worry that gets you not the lack of sleep.",
  "Don't wait until tomorrow. Start small today.",
  "We can change our lives. We can do have and be exactly what we wish.",
  "If we want to change the world we change ourselves.",
  "We must always change renew rejuvenate ourselves otherwise we harden.",
]